[FR] Update sample readme (#21831)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/src/samples/README.md

|**File Name**|**Description**|
|----------------|-------------|
|[Authentication][authentication_sample]|Authenticate the client|

> |[RecognizeBusinessCard][recognize_business_card] and [RecognizeBusinessCardAsync][recognize_business_card_async]|Recognize business card from a input stream|

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
|[RecognizeBusinessCard][recognize_business_card] and [RecognizeBusinessCardAsync][recognize_business_card_async]|Recognize business cards from an input stream|
```

> |[RecognizeBusinessCardFromUrl][recognize_business_card_from_url] and [RecognizeBusinessCardFromUrlAsync][recognize_business_card_from_url_async]|Recognize business card from an URL|

Reviewer: nit, "a URL" is actually correct. 

```suggestion
|[RecognizeBusinessCardFromUrl][recognize_business_card_from_url] and [RecognizeBusinessCardFromUrlAsync][recognize_business_card_from_url_async]|Recognize business card from a URL|
```

Reviewer 2: nooo that was my suggestion :( snif. Sorry @mssfang 
may I ask why? shouldn't `an` go before a word that starts with a vowel?

Reviewer: This is the explanation I found:

>Although the U at the first of URL is a vowel, the abbreviation is pronounced “you-are-ell.” Because the letter Y is a consonant in this case, use a rather than an.

Reviewer: I swear, english doesn't actually follow any of the rules it has 😆
